Update Fusion Snapshots docs with recommended EC2 instance types and sizing guidance (#488)
seqeralabs/docs: fusion_docs/guide/snapshots.mdx

`maxSpotAttempts` must be a value higher than `0`.

### EC2 instance selection guidelines

- Choose EC2 Spot instances with sufficient memory and network bandwidth to dump the cache of task intermediate files to S3 storage before AWS terminates an instance.
- Select instances with guaranteed network bandwidth (not instances with bandwidth "up to" a maximum value).
- Maintain a 5:1 ratio between memory (GiB) and network bandwidth (Gbps).
- Recommended instance families: `c6id`, `r6id`, or `m6id` series instances work optimally with Fusion fast instance storage.

:::info "Example"
A c6id.8xlarge instance provides 64 GiB memory and 12.5 Gbps guaranteed network bandwidth. This configuration can transfer the entire memory contents to S3 in approximately 70 seconds, well within the 2-minute reclamation window.
:::

:::note
Instances with lower network-to-memory ratios may not complete transfers before termination, potentially resulting in task failures.
:::

#### Recommended instance types

> | Instance type  | Memory (GiB) | Network bandwidth (Gbps) | Memory:Bandwidth ratio | Est. snapshot time|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Instance type  | Memory (GiB) | Network bandwidth (Gbps) | Memory:Bandwidth ratio | Est. Snapshot time|
```

|----------------|--------------|--------------------------|------------------------|-------------------|
| c6id.4xlarge   | 32           | 12.5                     | 2.56:1                 | ~45 seconds       |
| c6id.8xlarge   | 64           | 12.5                     | 5.12:1                 | ~70 seconds       |
| r6id.2xlarge   | 64           | 12.5                     | 5.12:1                 | ~70 seconds       |
| m6id.4xlarge   | 64           | 12.5                     | 5.12:1                 | ~70 seconds       |
| c6id.12xlarge  | 96           | 18.75                    | 5.12:1                 | ~70 seconds       |
| r6id.4xlarge   | 128          | 12.5                     | 10.24:1                | ~105 seconds      |
| m6id.8xlarge   | 128          | 25                       | 5.12:1                 | ~70 seconds       |

### (Seqera Enterprise only) Select an Amazon Linux 2023 ECS-optimized AMI 

To obtain sufficient performance, Fusion Snapshots require instances with Amazon Linux 2023 (which ships with Linux Kernel 6.1), with an ECS Container-optimized AMI. 

:::note

> Selecting an Amazon Linux 2023 ECS-Optimized AMI is only required for Seqera Enterprise instances. Seqera Cloud AWS Batch compute environments select this AMI by default. 

Author: ```suggestion
Selecting an Amazon Linux 2023 ECS-Optimized AMI is only required for compute environments in Seqera Enterprise deployments. Seqera Cloud AWS Batch compute environments use this AMI by default. 
```
